Edits (#17)
jbae11/master_thesis: introduction.tex

The three grand challenges can be summarized as a need to
identify and plan for a ``most promising'' fuel cycle, while
accurately calculating its impacts.
In 2011, the \gls{DOE} commissioned a report
in order to plan the U.S. nuclear future.
The report by Wigeland et al. identified potential fuel cycle groups and compared them

> to find the most `promising' fuel cycle \cite{wigeland_nuclear_2014}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to find the most `promising' fuel cycles \cite{wigeland_nuclear_2014}.
```

The objective of the evaluation was to provide information about the
potential benefits and challenges of nuclear fuel cycle options, in order to

> guide \gls{DOE} \gls{FCRD} program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
guide the \gls{DOE} \gls{FCRD} program.
```

> However, this study was done for a static fuel cycle, where the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this study evaluated fuel cycles statically, such that the
```

> material flow and reactor deployment are at equilibrium.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
material flow and reactor deployment were evaluated at equilibrium.
```

> Therefore the study did not take into account the dynamic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, the study did not take into account the dynamic
```

> changes in fuel demand and reactor deployment as well as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes in fuel demand and reactor deployment or the
```

previously existing fleet. Thus, for a more comprehensive
and realistic

> evaluation of a fuel cycle, fuel cycle analyses

Reviewer: This is the crux of your argument and is a bit weak. What metrics are calculated poorly by static simulation and are calculated more accurately by transition scenarios? Are those metrics important to decision-making?

Reviewer: has this been handled?

Author: I think I made it better.. If you have a suggestion to make it better let me know!

must include the transition from a previous fleet to
the intended fuel cycle.

Given this gap, a simulation tool capable of accurately
calculating the metrics of a fuel cycle transition scenario
is essential for solving these grand challenges. This work
will demonstrate capabilities of a system-level analysis
tool, \Cyclus. The added capabilities in this work will

> allow \Cyclus to model \gls{NFC} transition scenarios.

Reviewer: Cyclus was able to model transitions before this work (as is clear, since accomplishing these transitions has required no actual changes to the framework itself). Please replace this with a more accurate depiction of your contribution with this work (benchmarking, tools for ease-of-use, tools for improved reactor modeling)...

recycle facilities, reactor facilities, back-end features, starting
the new fuel cycle, materials queuing and prioritization under
capacity limitations, and energy demand algorithms. Brown et al.
categorize each feature into three tiers - basic, integral,
and exemplary. Basic features are essential in modeling a fuel
cycle, such as conservation of mass in composition changes,
facility deployment and retirement, and modeling of front-end
facilities like an enrichment facility.
Integral features are
needed to bind the basic functionalities to process
transition scenarios. Examples of integral features are
demand-driven deployment of fuel cycle facilities and
material prioritization.

> Finally, Exemplary features enable exploration

Reviewer: Should Exemplary be capitalized? Maybe "Basic" "Integral" and "Exemplary" should all be italicized or bold, to make clear that these are jargon defined by brown et al.

of various sensitivities and technology choices, and are
not essential. Exemplary features include discrete isotope
tracking and radioactive decay.

The functionalities, features, and their hierarchies
are organized in table \ref{tab:ffh}.
\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.5}
\begin{table}[h]
    \centering
    \caption {Nine common functionalities identified for \gls{NFCS} to perform
                fuel cycle transition scenarios. Reproduced from Brown et al. \cite{brown_identification_2016}}
    \label{tab:ffh}
    \begin{tabularx}{\textwidth}{lXl}
        \hline
        \textbf{Functionality}&\textbf{Feature} &\textbf{Hierarchy} \\
        \hline

>         \multirow{6}{*}{\shortstack{Composition \\ Features}} & Modeling of implicit consideration of fuel materials including primary fissile and fertile actinide isotopes & Basic \\

Reviewer: What does "Modeling of implicit consideration of fuel... " mean? Maybe you just mean "Explicit modeling of fuel ... "

            & Fuel's initial heavy metal mass modeled as lumped masses  of the remaining actinides and fission products to conserve mass & Basic \\
            & Isotopic decay of materials in storage & Exemplary \\

>             & Modeling of intermediate isotopes (e.g. Pa-233) & Exemplary \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            & Modeling of intermediate isotopes (e.g. $^{233}Pa$) & Exemplary \\
```

            & Initial charge for first core and discharge for final core & Basic \\

        \hline
         \multirow{2}{*}{Back-end} & Cooling of used fuel & Basic \\
            & \shortstack{Conservation of mass - consistency with\\ charged mass and generated power} & Basic \\

        \hline

        \multirow{3}{*}{\shortstack{Fuel Cycle \\ Startup}} & External source of fissile material & Basic \\
            & Startup on recycled fuel from other facilities &Integral \\
            & Primary and back-up fuel types & Exemplary \\

        \hline

        \multirow{3}{*}{\shortstack{Material \\ Prioritization}} & Material accumulation & Basic \\
            & Material prioritization &Integral \\
            & Radioactive decay & Exemplary \\

        \hline

        \multirow{2}{*}{\shortstack{Energy Demand \\ Algorithm}} & Technology allocation accounting for availability &Integral \\
            & Ordering and deployment of multiple reactor technologies &Integral \\
        \hline
    \end{tabularx}
\end{table}
\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.0}
\FloatBarrier

\subsection{Additional capabilities identified for real-world fuel cycle transition scenarios}

> I have identified three additional functionalities beyond the ones identified by Brown et al. \cite{brown_identification_2016}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I have identified three additional functionalities beyond those identified by Brown et al. \cite{brown_identification_2016}
```
